IBX-6762 Update block reference page (#244)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/content_management/block_reference.md

[[= include_file('docs/content_management/create_edit_pages.md', 86, 96) =]]

## Block basics

Handling blocks is straightforward, drag and drop them into the desired spot within the drop zone. 
There's no need to worry about getting their placement perfect initially, you can rearrange them whenever you need.

### Settings

You have the ability to control individual blocks by accessing their settings. 
Click on the settings icon next to the block's name. 

![Block settings](img/block_settings.png "Block settings")

The settings include:

- Move Up — change the block's position by shifting it upwards.
- Move Down — change the block's position by shifting it downwards.
- Configuration — access the configuration window.
- Duplicate — create a copy of the block below the original, including its settings.
- Refresh — update the block's preview.
- Delete — remove the existing block.

### Design tab

In the block configuration on the **Design** tab, under the **View** field, you can select the layout for presenting a block.

### Scheduler tab

> In the block configuration on the **Scheduler** tab, you can set a date for the block to be revealed and hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the block configuration on the **Scheduler** tab, you can set a date for the block to be revealed or hidden.
```

> In the block configuration on the **Scheduler** tab, you can set a date for the block to be revealed and hidden.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the block configuration, on the **Design** tab, under the **View** field, you can select the layout for presenting a block.

### Scheduler tab

In the block configuration, on the **Scheduler** tab, you can set a date for the block to be revealed and hidden.
```

## Banner block

The banner block showcases an image linked to a specific URL.
It can be used for creating visually appealing banners or promotional sections on websites that require linked images to direct users to specific pages or content.
On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** — Enter a name for the page block.
- **Image** — Click **Select content**, browse the available content, and choose an image for display.
- **URL** — Enter a URL that opens when users click on the banner block.

## Bestsellers block

> Displays products that have recently been top sellers, helping users discover popular items quickly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Displays products that were recently sellers, to help users discover popular items quickly.
```

While it is not wrong, simplified English suggests avoiding perfect tenses and using simple tenses.

Author: ```suggestion
Displays products that were recently top sellers, to help users discover popular items quickly.
```

On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** – Enter a name for the page block.
- **Personalization scenario** – Select "Bestsellers" to display popular products.
- **Product Types to be displayed** – Select the type of products to be displayed on the list.
- **Limit** – Set the number of products to be displayed.

On the **Design** tab, in the **View** field, select the layout to be used to present a list of products and submit your changes.

## Catalog block

Shows products from a chosen catalog tailored for a particular group of customers, ensuring a personalized browsing experience.

Before you configure this block, make sure that there are [catalogs](work_with_catalogs.md) that are defined
and published in your PIM.
On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** – Enter a name for the page block.

> - **Default catalog** – Select a catalog that is displayed to end-users who are anonymous or not part of any customer group assigned to specific catalogs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Default catalog** – Select a catalog that is displayed to end-users who are anonymous or not part of any customer group assigned to specific catalogs.
```

- **Set up customer group and catalog** — Add at least one assignment: add a row, then select a customer group and a matching catalog.
- **Display limit** – Set the number of products to be displayed.

On the **Design** tab, in the **View** field, select the layout to be used to present a list of products and submit your changes.

## Code block

> Enables you to add customized text, links, images, and more to your Page by utilizing custom HTML.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enables you to use custom HTML to add customized text, links, images, and more to your page.
```
Preferential, just like the sound of it better.

On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** — Enter a name for the page block.
- **Parent** — Click **Select content**, browse the content, and select a folder containing Content items to display in the list.
- **Limit** — Set the number of products to be displayed.
- **Content Types to be displayed** — Select Content Type(s) to be displayed.

## Dynamic targeting block

Dynamic targeting block provides recommended items based on users related to the configured Segments.

On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** — Enter a name for the page block.
- **Select default scenario** — Select the default scenario for recommended items that should be rendered if the current user
is not assigned to any Segment.
- **Setup segment and scenario matching priority rules** — Select a Segment group, a Segment identifier and Scenario that you want to display recommendations from.
- **Display limit** — Set the number of products to be displayed.

The rules are checked in order, so when a user belongs to more than one Segment, the first rule applies.

![Dynamic targeting](img/page_builder_dynamic_targeting.png)

## Embed block

> Place any Content item directly on the Page. This function works across all Content Types seamlessly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Place any Content item directly on the page. This function works across all Content Types seamlessly.
```

On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** — Enter a name for the page block.
- **Content** — Click **Select content**, browse the content, and select a Content item.

## Form block

> Place a selected form from the content structure onto the Page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Place a selected form from the content structure onto the page.
```

- **Name** — Enter a name for the page block.
- **Form** — Click **Select content**, browse the content, and select a Form Content item to append it to the block.

!!! caution "Known limitation"

    To display two or more identical forms on a single page, have your developer create multiple identical form blocks for your use. This prevents potential issues related to duplicate data submission.

    For more information about creating form blocks, see [Creating a newsletter form]([[= developer_doc =]]/content_management/pages/create_custom_page_block/) in developer documentation.

## Gallery block

Presents a comprehensive visual array by displaying all images from your selected folder.
On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** — Enter a name for the page block.
- **Folder** — Click **Select content**, browse the content, and select a folder containing images to display.

After submitting the settings, all images in the folder are shown in the Gallery block.
Selecting a folder containing Content items other than images results in displaying only a link to the folder where they are stored.

## Ibexa Connect block

> Access and showcase data retrieved from an Ibexa Connect webhook. Streamline information presentation for seamless insights and improved decision-making

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Access and showcase data retrieved from an Ibexa Connect webhook. Streamline information presentation for seamless insights and improved decision-making.
```

On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** – Enter a name for the page block.
- **Webhook link** — Enter the link for the Ibexa Connect webhook.

!!! caution "Using Ibexa Connect scenario block"

    For more information about using Ibexa Connect scenario block, see [Ibexa Connect scenario block]([[= developer_doc =]]/content_management/pages/ibexa_connect_scenario_block/) in developer documentation.

## Last purchased block

Showcases a list of recently purchased products from PIM.

> Keep track of recent sales and improve product visibility.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Helps keep track of recent sales and improve product visibility.
```

On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** – Enter a name for the page block.
- **Personalization scenario** – Select "Last purchased" to display products that were recently purchased from PIM by any user, or "Last purchased by user" to display products that were recently purchased by the current user.
- **Product Types to be displayed** – Select the type of products to be displayed on the list.
- **Limit** – Set the number of products to be displayed.

## Last viewed block

Showcases a list of recently viewed products from PIM.

> Track and show recent product interests for quick access and informed decisions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Helps track and show recent product interests for quick access and informed decisions.
```

On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** – Enter a name for the page block.
- **Personalization scenario** – Select "Last viewed" to display products that were recently viewed by any user, or "Last viewed by user" to display products that were recently viewed by the current user.
- **Product Types to be displayed** – Select the type of products to be displayed on the list.
- **Limit** – Set the number of products to be displayed.

## Orders block

Showcases a list of orders linked to a specific company or individual customer.

> Track purchase history for streamlined customer service and personalized interactions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Helps track purchase history for streamlined customer service and personalized interactions.
```

## Product collection block

Presents curated collections of items for easier exploration and discovery.
On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** – Enter a name for the page block.
- **Product list** — Create a list of products. Enter a comma-separated list of product/variant codes and click **Add** or click **Select product**. Then, in content browser, select products, and click **Confirm**.

!!! note

    Due to a technical limitation, content browser does not display product variants.

## Recently added block

Highlights recently added products from PIM.
Quickly informs users about new additions for quicker distribution and popularizing added products.
On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** – Enter a name for the page block.
- **Personalization Scenario** – Select "Recently added items" to display products that were recently added to PIM.
- **Product Types to be displayed** – Select the type of products to be displayed on the list.
- **Limit** – Set the number of products to be displayed.

## RSS block

> Imports and showcase news content from RSS feeds (channels), helping users stay informed with the latest updates and diverse news sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imports and showcases news content from RSS feeds (channels), helping users stay informed with the latest updates and diverse news sources.
```

On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** – Enter a name for the page block.
- **URL** — Enter the URL for the RSS news feed.
- **Limit** — Set the number of news items to be displayed.
- **Offset** — Set the limit of featured news items to be displayed.

## Sales representative

Imports and showcases sales representatives for the company in the Customer Portal.

> Empowers users with a way to connect with the team handling their sales needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Gives users a way to connect with the team that handles their sales needs.
```

## Text block

Adds a Rich Text block to the Page.
On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** – Enter a name for the page block.
- **Content** — Enter text, images, videos, etc. using Online Editor.
For details, see [Editing Rich Text Fields](create_edit_content_items.md#edit-rich-text-fields).

## Video block

Integrates a video into the Page with standard playback controls.

> Enhance content variety and captivate audiences with seamless video viewing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Helps enhance content variety and captivate audiences with seamless video viewing.
```
